DOC: F2PY documentation improvements (#21836)
numpy/numpy: doc/source/f2py/advanced.rst

    complex_long_double
    string

> For example, if you have a fortran file ``func1.f`` with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, for a Fortran file ``func1.f`` containing:
```

.. literalinclude:: ./code/f2cmap_demo.f
    :language: fortran

> In order to convert ``int64`` and ``real64`` to vaild C data types,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to convert ``int64`` and ``real64`` to valid ``C`` data types,
```

> you can create a ``.f2py_f2cmap`` file in the current directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a ``.f2py_f2cmap`` file with the following content can be created in the current directory:
```

> .. code-block:: text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: python
```

>   dict(real=dict(real32='float', real64='double'), integer=dict(int64='long long'))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  dict(real=dict(real64='double'), integer=dict(int64='long long'))
```

> and create your module as usual. F2PY checks if a ``.f2py_f2cmap`` file is present

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and create the module as usual. F2PY checks if a ``.f2py_f2cmap`` file is present
```

> in the current directory and use it to map KIND specifiers to C data types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the current directory and will use it to map ``KIND`` specifiers to ``C`` data types.
```

.. code-block:: sh

  f2py -c func1.f -m func1

> Alternatively, you can save the mapping file with any other name, for example 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, the mapping file can be saved with any other name, for example 
```

> ``mapfile.txt``, and use the ``--f2cmap`` option to pass the file to F2PY.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``mapfile.txt``, and this information can be passed to F2PY by using the ``--f2cmap`` option.
```
